the Kirby Hagrid it just turns me don't
you find it strange you hear a voice a
voice only you can hear and then mrs.
Norris turns out petrified it's just
it might be less Mandrake or mandragora
if used to return those to the patch
site their original state it can also be
quite home from the cry of America's
fatal to anyone hit him so beyond it's
not the very common gift Harry there's a
reason of symbol of Slytherin house in
stuff how does our federal apartment she
could talk to snakes too
Harry
he called me a butler not at the restyle
makes some of the romantic pairing
someone who's not performing someone
like me so the Cowboys here Michael
Perry Cochran oh it's so good to see you
what if he keeps your glasses while kids
preparing
[Music]
you